dan.chiniara/Add dotted line to monitor status doc (#20427)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/manage/status.md

The notebook matches the monitor evaluation period time range and includes related logs where relevant.

#### Follow monitor group retention

> Datadog keeps monitor groups available in the UI for 24 hours unless the query is changed. Host monitors and service checks that notify on on No Data are available for 48 hours. A dotted line appears for two reasons:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog keeps monitor groups available in the UI for 24 hours unless the query is changed. Host monitors and service checks that are configured to notify on missing data are available for 48 hours. A dotted line appears for two reasons:
```

> - The new group is evaluated some time after the monitor is created. The dotted line is shown from the start of the time period to when the group was first evaluated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The new group is evaluated some time after the monitor is created. The evaluation graph shows the dotted line from the start of the time period to when the group is first evaluated.
```

> - The group stops reporting, drops out, and then starts reporting again. The dotted line appears from when the group dropped out to when it starts evaluating again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The group stops reporting, drops out, and then starts reporting again. The dotted line appears from the time the group dropped out to when the group starts evaluating again.
```
